fuck
How did you suddenly appear?
I'll tell you what.
Don't come here.
Come here, I've got a gun
Are you sure you can kill me?
What's the use of your skills?
Can you shoot a bullet?
What's the point of bullets?
Hey, hey, you, stop fooling around
I'm going to kill someone
Do you think bullets are powerful now?
I admit you are very good at fighting
But what's the use of hitting?
I'll tell you what.
You have to have power in the middle and the bottom
Hey, that's right, just this day.
That's all day.
Do you know what kind of good man and good woman he is?
If you mess with him, he won't let you go.
Shen Long, let's go
Master Chen, I was wrong.
Master Chen, please save my life
I shouldn't have disbelieved you.